Privacy Policy
This Online Privacy Policy Notice describes how we manage the personal information we gather while you browse our store. By visiting our site you are accepting the terms stipulated by this Privacy Policy.

What types of Personal Information do we collect at www. Spikelook.com ("Site")?
The personal information you give us
We collect and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way which may include:

Contact information (such as name, postal address, telephone number and email address);
Login credentials for the Site
Payment information (such as payment card details)
Purchase and transaction data (including serial numbers for timepiece registration);
Other personal information found in content that users provide (for example, through our live chat, surveys)
You can choose not to provide certain information and visit our site anonymously, but then you might not be able to get benefits of many of our features.

Automatic information
Whenever you interact with us, we automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address. This information helps us learn about your browser and operating system.

What do we use your information for?
We may use the information we receive from you in one of the ways described below:

for personalization of your needs
Your information aids us to meet your individual requirements

for improvement of our Site
We continually strive to improve our Site based on the data and feedback obtained from you

For transactions processing
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.

For sending periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing is only used to send you information and updates concerning your order. With your permission, we may also send you emails about our store, new arrivals, novelties and other updates.

Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable the sites or service providers to recognize your browser, to obtain and keep certain information.

We use cookies to provide certain features and to allow storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.

The Help option of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.

Do we disclose your personal information to the Third Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.

However, we share your personal information with the Third-Party Service Providers, which assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Examples include providing Web site services, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.

We may release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce and apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect our rights, property, or safety and those of our users, and others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.

How Secure Is Your Personal Information?
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Your information is protected during transmission by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

What Information Can You Access?
You can have access to information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.