These Terms of Use apply to www.Spikelook.com (the "Site”). The Site is operated by Spikelook. Inc, ("Spikelook”). Throughout the Site, the terms "we,” "us” and "our” refer to Spikelook. Spikelook offers the Site, including all information, tools and services available from the Site, to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to these Terms of Use.

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Use.

1. COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons and images, is our property or the property of our content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is our property or the property of our service provider or its suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.

2. ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION ON THE SITE
Spikelook is not responsible if information made available on the Site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on the Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on the Site is at your own risk. The Site may contain certain historical information. Historical information necessarily is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of the Site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the Site.

3. LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Spikelook grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates our permission or license.

Spikelook reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s registration for the Site, remove any person from the Site or prohibit any person from using the Site for any reason whatsoever. Spikelook, or its licensors or content providers, retain full and complete title to the material provided on the Site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this material to you under a license that is revocable at any time in Spikelook’s sole discretion. Spikelook neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with Spikelook.

4. COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may submit reviews, suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead to the origin of the content. We reserve the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content.

If you do submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Spikelook an unrestricted, nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such material throughout the world in any media. You further agree that Spikelook is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how that you or individuals acting on your behalf provide to Spikelook. You grant Spikelook the right to use the name you submit in connection with such material, if the company so chooses. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any provision herein and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Spikelook for all claims resulting from content you supply.

5. MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.

We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

6. PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
We attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.

We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.

7. CONDUCT ON THE SITE
Some features that may be available on the Site require registration. By registering at and in consideration of your use of the Site you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself.

Some features on the Site require use of a password. You are responsible for protecting your password. You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your password. If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, notify King Baby immediately. King Baby may assume that any communications the company receives under your password have been made by you unless the company receives notice otherwise.

8. ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.

You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

In no case shall Spikelook, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Spikelook and its officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, service providers, subcontractors and suppliers from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from your use of the Site and any violation of these Terms of Use. If you cause a technical disruption of the Site or the systems transmitting the Site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from that disruption. Spikelook reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with Spikelook in the defense of such matter.

11. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
The laws of the state of Illinois govern these Terms of Use and your use of the Site, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the state of Illinois for any action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use. We recognize that it is possible for you to obtain access to the Site from any jurisdiction in the world, but we have no practical ability to prevent such access. The Site has been designed to comply with the laws of the state of Illinois and of the United States. If any material on the Site, or your use of the Site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the Site is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use the Site. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.

12. SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to our site. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms at any time. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Terms following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes. If any provision of this agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in place.

13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This agreement and any policies or operating rules posted on the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Spikelook with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party.

14. CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Use should be sent to us at info@spikelook.com